Aashma Rai 

IchanguNarayan,Kathmandu 

9803343248 

aashmarae96@gmail.com 

 

 
Hiring Manager 
LeapFrog Technology Inc 

Dear Hiring Manager, 

I  am  a  hard-working  college  student  (8th  semester,  Bachelor  Of  Information  Management) 
currently  attending  National  College  Of  Computer  Studies  (NCCS).  Throughout  my  academic 
career, I have been consistently praised as a hard-working and focused by my teachers and peers. 
While  working  on  academic  and  extra-curricular  projects,  I  have  developed  proven 
organizational, teamwork and communication skills, which I hope to leverage into the intern role 
at  your  company.  I  look  forward  to  elaborating  on  how  my  specific  skills  and  abilities  will 
benefit your organization. 

Please find attached to this e-mail a copy of my CV 

Thank you for consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you soon. 

Sincerely, 

Aashma Rai 

  

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Curriculum Vitae 

Name: Aashma Rai 
Contact: 9803343248 
Email: aashmarae96@gmail.com 
Date of birth: August 9,1996 
Address: IchanguNarayan, Kathmandu 

 

Personal Summary 

I am Aashma Rai, 21 years old from Kathmandu and currently studying at National College of 
Computer Studies, Paknajol with an enthusiastic nature to learn and explore. I’m always hungry to learn 
new things, and love working in teams who continuously improve themselves. 
 

Career Objective 

To seek a position where I can utilize as well as develop my skills within an inspiring environment.  

Education and Qualification 

  Bachelor of Information Management (BIM) .(running) 

National College of Computer Studies, Paknajol, Kathmandu 

Affiliated to Tribhuvan University (TU). 

With an aggregate GPA 3.60 (till now) 

  Intermediate Level 

NCCS Higher Secondary School, Paknajol, Kathmandu. 

           Major: Management (Computer Science and Basic Mathematics) 

 

Percentage: 78.70% 

  School Leaving Certificate(SLC) 

Pragati Higher Secondary Boarding School, Balaju, Kathmandu. 

Percentage:77.13% 

Technical Skills: 

  Proficiency in programming languages such as HTML and CSS 
  Familiarity  with  Javascript,  PHP,  Java  and  frameworks  like  bootstrap,  Laravel  and 

Angular 

  Able to use version control system such as GIT 
  Knowledge regarding the use of WordPress 
  Efficiency in Microsoft Office Suite 

 

Strengths: 

  Team Work 
  Communication Skill 
  Time Management 
  Handling work pressure 
  Desire to Learn 
  Willingness  to work hard 

 

Pre-Professional Experience: 

Individual Projects: 

  Completed a Student Management System in Java 
  Prepared a report on Study Of Outsouring 

Other activities: 

  Meet up with the employees of Cloud Factory 
  Attended workshop on GIT at IT Glance 

 

 

