Aatish Sai
Aatish Sai
2016 Software Engineer Graduate

About Me
About Me    

Pokhara, Nepal
+977 9817183271
meatish.sai@gmail.com

I am a freshly graduated student of Software Engineering from Gandaki College of
Engineering and Science.

I am interested in new tech and learning new stuffs.

Interested in new ideas, doing all kind of stuff to get things working.

Some of my college projects include:

Survey and Analytics
Middleman Ordering
Analysis on Recommendation Algorithms (Major Project)

Technical Skills
Technical Skills    

HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, Laravel, node.js

Tools
Tools    

Atom.io, Linux, Windows, Ubuntu Server, Git, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effect

Education
Education    

Bachelors in Software Engineering (BESE)
Gandaki College of Engineering and Science
C, C++, Java, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, DBMS, UML

Higher Secondary Education Board
Amarsingh Higher Secondary School
Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Mathematics

Projects /  Works
Projects /  Works

  

2012 - 2016

2010 - 2012

Analysis of Recommendation Algorithms
College Major Project

2016

 https://www.visualcv.com/aatish-sai

Analysis of Recommendation Algorithms was a research based project where we were responsible for
analyzing various algorithms and finding out the scenario where they would perform best and where they
would be at disadvantage. The project involved some coding in python along with calculation the error for
each of the algorithms. My involvement of the project consisted of a detailed study on algorithms like
SVD(Singular Value Decomposition), ALS(Alternation Least Square) and also implementing them in code.

Server Administration
CodeSastra
During my work at CodeSastra, I was responsible for maintaining the server. I was involved in maintaining
the VPS to host web application. Also I was involved in making some wordpress sites. 

2014 - 2016

Middleman Ordering
College Project
Middleman Ordering was a web based application where a vendor could take order form the user and
deliver the goods to the user. Middleman Ordering was developed using Laravel. During this project I was
responsible for overall monitoring of the project along with integrating a payment gateway(Paypal).

Web Development
Goreto Software
During my short peroid of work at Goreto Software, I gained some skill on wordpress and Laravel. While on
Goreto I developed various website for local business using Wordpress

Survey and Analysis
College Project
Survey and Analysis was the first college project. It was a web based application build in laravel. The main
core of the project was that the user could create a questionnaire and publish it. The result could be
categorized using different demographics. As a member of this project I was responsible for the back end
development.

Certifications
Certifications    

Research Methodology

Microsoft Technology Associate Training on Windows Server Admin
windows server 2008

MCPS: Microsoft Certified Professional

MTA: Windows Server Administration Fundamentals
windows server 2008

Social Links
Social Links    

Twitter: @meatish
Blog: blog.aatish.me

 https://www.visualcv.com/aatish-sai

2015

2013

2013

2013

StackOverflow: aatish-sai

 https://www.visualcv.com/aatish-sai

